When the user first starts the program they see a small windows that asks for
a name of the database.  The user can type the name of a database to use or 
leave it blank and use the database that is already in there.  
NOTE: If the user enters a database it must be in the projects path to connect 
to it. If the program can not connect to the database the program will display 
a message to let the user know.

Once the user connects they will see a table with the information from the
database display and four button (Create, Search, Update and Delete)
at the bottom.  The rows and indexes are both clickable and clicking on the column
will sort the column.

When create is clicked the user will see a new window where they can enter the
information they want.  If the user leaves it blank or enters an ID that already
exists a message box will let the user know.  
After the user enters information it will be inserted into the database and shown
in the table.

When search is clicked a new window displays the textboxes where the user can enter
their information.  If it is left blank then the query will retrieve all the
information from the database.  Otherwise the query will search for information
that matches the users query.
Once the search is done the information is displayed in a table.

When update is clicked a new window displays textboxes that the user can update
the information in the database.  The user can enter information into any number
of the textboxes. Once the user enters the information to update the information 
is updated in the database.
The user must enter the ID of the row they want to update.  If the ID is left 
blank or an ID is entered that is not in the database the user will see a message
that lets them know.

When delete is click a new window display textboxes where the user can enter
their information.  If it is left blank then the query will retrieve all the
information from the database.  Otherwise the query will search for information
that matches the users query.
Once the search is done the information is displayed in a table and the user 
has a the option to delete the information.